Assignment No.2

Q1. Whats is a Git ?
Ans: Git is a popular Version Control System, which is used to track code changes, history of the changes, coding collaborations, etc for the 
        projects.


Q2. What do you understand by the term 'Version Control System' ?
Ans: Version Control System records changes to the coding over time, so that we can check those changes history later through Versions. In short, 
        for every changes in coding, a new version gets created as soon as the developer saves (commits) the code file.


Q3. What is Github?
Ans: Github is a popular Git Server (Remote Repository).


Q4. Mention some popular Git hosting services.
Ans: Github, BitBucket, Gitblit, Gitlab, etc.


Q5. Different types of Version Control Systems?
Ans: There are 2 types of Version Control Systems...
        1. Centralised Version Control System
        2. Distributed Version Control System


Q6. What benefits come with using GIT?
Ans: There are many benefits of using GIT. Some of them are...
        1. Git is a Distributed Version Control System. 
        2. There is no any fear of deleting of the data, as the copy of source code is available on the local repository of every developer 
            of that particular project. 
        3. Developers can fully access the files in the repository including its full history.
        4. There is no dependency of the main server after the PULL of code to developer's local repository.


Q7. What is a Git repository?
Ans: Git Repository is the Git Server which is used locally (as a Local Repository) or remotely (as the Main Server).
        Local Repository can be accessed only by the particular developer, whereas Main Server can be accessed by every developer involved
        in that particular project.


Q8. How can you initialize a repository in Git?
Ans: Step 1. Open the id (say, VS Code)
        Step 2. Define a workspace (Say, a local folder), where you want to save your coding locally on the PC.
        Step 3. Comment "git init" and press Enter
        Step 4. Now the repository is initialized.. i.e. The whole workarea will be divided into 3 parts internally.. Workspace, Stage Area & Local 
                   Repository.  