Assignment No.4

Q1. What is Programming Language ?
Ans: Programming is just to make a set of instructions that instruct your computer the way to carry out a task. The language (Coding) that we 
        use to write the program is called Programming Language. Example.. Java, Python, etc.

        There are 3 main categories of Programming Languages...
        1. Machine Level Language ( It is only Machine readable & not human understandable)
        2. Assembly Level Language ( It is the human readable language but it is later converted to MLL in order to make it understandable for machine)
        3. High Level Language ( It is the human readable & understandable & is later converted to MLL in order to make it understandable for machine)
                    [Example: Java, Python, PHP, etc.]


Q2. Why do we need a Programming Language ?
Ans: We need a Programming Language to give instructions in a specific way (Source Code) to your computer to carry out a task.


Q3. What are the features of Java ?
Ans: 1. Java is simple, straightforward and flexible as it is Object-oriented programming language.
        2. Java is a secure language.
        3. Java is a portable/platform-independent language i.e. the same software made by Java can be run on various OS platforms.
        4. Java is a Multi-threaded language as it can execute multiple tasks concurrently.
        5. Java is suitable for Distributed Internet Environments.


Q4. What is an object ?
Ans: An Object is an entity having state & behavior. The object can be intellectual (cannot be seen or touched) or physical (can be seen or touched).
       In other words, An Object is a real-world entity & a runtime entity, which can be identified as per its state & behaviour.


Q5. What is a class ?
Ans: A Class is a collection of items with similar characteristics. A Class's instances are Objects. A class serves as a model/blueprint from which
        new objects can be made. It makes sense as a whole.


Q6. Explain about the main() method in Java ?
Ans: In a Java Program, the main() method is the starting point for JVM to start the execution of the program. Without the main() method, JVM 
        cannot execute the program, as JVM couldn't decide from where to start the execution of the program.
