Assignment No.6

Q1. What are Conditional Operators in Java ?
Ans: Conditional operators are used when a condition comprises of more than 1 boolean expression. It is used to combine, compare and to perform
        arithmetic operations as per the conditions defined. It includes arithmetic operators, relational operators, logical operators, ternary operators, etc.


Q2. What are the types of operators based on the number of operands?
Ans: There are three types of operators based on the number of operands. 
        1. If an operator takes 1 operand, it is called a unary operator. 
        2. If it takes 2 operands, it is called a binary operator. 
        3. If it takes 3 operands, it is called a ternary operator.


Q3. What is the use of Switch Case in Java Programming?
Ans:  It is like an if-else ladder with multiple conditions, where we check for equality of a variable with various values.
         Syntax:
                      switch (expression) {
                       case value1 : 
                                           ...... (statement)
                                          break;
                       case value2 : 
                                           ...... (statement)
                                          break;
                       .
                       ..
                       ..
                       ..
                       default:
                                   ....... (statement)
                       } 


Q4. What are the priority levels of arithmetic operation in Java?
Ans: In Java, Multiplication, division and remainder operations are applied first. If an expression contains several such operations, they are 
        applied from left to right. After that, Addition and subtraction operations are applied next. If an expression contains several such 
        operations, the operators are applied from left to right.


Q5. What are the conditional Statements and use of conditional statements in Java?
Ans: Conditional Statements are the statements that decides what should be the result, based on the given conditions.
        Conditional Statements are used when a condition comprises of more than one boolean expression. In short, these are used when we do
        conditional-based coding, means if a condition is true, then what to do & if false, then what to do.


Q6. What is the syntax of "if else" statement?
Ans:  if (condition)
            {
             ......... (body/statement1)
            }
            else
            {
             ......... (body/statement2)
            }


Q7. What are the 3 types of iterative statements in Java?
Ans:  The 3-types of Iterative Statements / Loops in Java are :
         1. for () loop
         2. while () loop
         3. do-while() loop


Q8. Write the difference between for loop & do-while loop.
Ans: In for loop, the condition is checked before the body execution.
       In do-while loop, the body execution is done before first loop condition check.


Q9. Write a program to print numbers from 1 to 10.
Ans:  Using for() loop =>
               public static void main (String args[])
               { 
                     for ( i=1 ; i<=10 ; i++ )
                     {
                     System.out.Println ( i );
                     }
               }