Assignment No.3

Q1. How to check if git is available on your system ?
Ans: Open Git Bash & write command: "git version" and press enter. If the version shows, then Git is successfully installed. 


Q2. How to initialize a new Git repository ?
Ans: Go to WorkArea folder & Open Git Bash by right click & write command: "git init" and press enter. It'll initialize a new Git Repository.


Q3. How to tell git about your name and email?
Ans: To set name...
        Open Git Bash & write command: "git config --global user.name "Your Name" " and press enter.
        To set email...
        Open Git Bash & write command: "git config --global user.email "Your Email" " and press enter.
       (Name & Email should be as same as in the Github account)


Q4. How to add a file to the staging area?
Ans: In the Git Bash, write command: "git add ." and press enter. It'll add all the files to staging area from WorkingArea present at that time.
       In the Git Bash, write command: "git add FILENAME" and press enter. It'll add that specific file to staging area from WorkingArea.


Q5. How to remove a file from the staging area?
Ans: In the Git Bash, write command: "git restore FILENAME" and press enter. It'll remove that file to WorkingArea from Staging Area.


Q6. How to make a commit?
Ans: Step 1. Move all the files (or specific file) from Working Area to Staging Area using command: "git add ." or "git add FILENAME"
        Step 2. Now to perform commit operation, write command: " git commit -m "first commit" "  , where "first commit" is a comment/msg 
	    and press Enter

Q7. How to send your changes to a remote repository?
Ans: By writing command: "git push -u origin main" and pressing enter i.e. the source code file will be sent to remote repository (main) from origin.


Q8. What is the difference between clone & pull?
Ans: By using the "git clone" command, the developer gets the whole copy of the project files to his local repository/working directory. 
        while  By using the "git pull" command, the developer not only gets the entire copy of project files, also he can fetch the latest changes made
        in the remote repository by any of other developer involved in that project.